well welcome welcome to your mom's house
with Tom Segura Christina the ship's
to your house okay listen can I read
this email yeah subject double pipe
classic question very important very
important okay
hi mommies I was taking my regular dump
this morning when I let out the usual
pre Brown fart he writes I burped at the
same time I was absolutely shocked and
couldn't believe what happened it was a
very exciting moment however does this
count as an authentic pure double pipe
classic or would be considered a double
pipe classic with special circumstances
I will point out that I was sitting down
on the toilet but the double pipe
classic happened at least 30 seconds
before any Brown exited my anus hmm it's
a really good question how do you feel
about it you know I think putting
circumstances around the double pipe
classic isn't fair because look they're
like Halley's Comet they come around so
rarely it doesn't really matter how one
has a double pipe or I don't that one
has a double pipe I think even during a
murder it's still a double pipe classic
now uh-huh
like murder yeah like if you were to be
thrown out of a building and as you hit
the ground you farted and burp you get
to take that to the credit yeah you get
credit I don't accept it so I don't
believe in the special circumstance
either I would say sir you had double
pipe has owned five classic and it's uh
it's something to be celebrated I would
tell people that would make Facebook
posts I would yeah yeah I would share
that that's really cool
who invented that that term is that a
Top Dawg term mmm oh it's generations
old great yeah as in the Bible
I think it's sold might be it might be
in the Bible it's certainly in like
Shakespearean stuff yeah oh definitely
yeah DAF Maeda I don't have a pipe class
I think it's in Romeo and Juliet
actually yeah she kind of gets after him
for having won or something like she's
on the bow I remember that I was like Oh
Juliet and then he heard some burps and
she's like Romeo a double pipe classic
yeah that's right and that's what gets
her
mm-hmm and then they get married see and
then you're sitting here giving me a
hard time about it but you know it's
actually it's a letter lat